[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the secrets
they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew arrive
on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It's not long before
the Straw Hats get pulled
into the conflict.
[JIMBEI] Thankfully,
two individuals rose up
on Fishman Island.
Individuals who would
help change the course
of our beleaguered history.
The first was... Queen Otohime.
Then there was him,
the legendary hero,
named Fisher Tiger.
Who freed countless slaves.
Nevertheless,
they fought for our future.
And both of their tales
end in tragedy.
[LUFFY]
"A Hero Who Freed the Slaves!
An Adventurer Tiger!"
I'm going to tell
you an important story
from our past.
Regretfully, the incidents
within this tale
set in motion Arlong's
rampage in the East Blue.
I hope this can bring us
to some understanding.
Yeah, I'm listening.
Before I get into the details,
you must know how our world
was 16 years ago.
[PAPANEEL panting]
[PAPANEEL]
Move it!
[FISHWOMAN A yells]
[FISHMAN A]
Thief!
Stop him! He's getting
away with our money!
Somebody do something!
[gunshot]
[FISHWOMAN A whimpers]
Just stay outta my way!
Got it?
'Cause ya don't wanna
see what I'll do to this girl
if ya try to be a hero!
[FISHWOMAN A screams]
Huh? Your majesty?
Wait! Don't go that way!
You shouldn't involve yourself
with such a thing!
This is not our responsibility!
[GUARD A]
Please, wait!
[GUARD B]
Queen Otohime!
[PAPANEEL]
Who's that?
Don't come any closer!
I'll shoot!
[grunts] I warned you!
[PAPANEEL gasps]
I missed?
Dammit! Get back!
[PAPANEEL gasps]
[PAPANEEL grunts]
[FISHWOMAN A screams]
I got you!
Wait, isn't that...
Queen Otohime?
Ow!
[FISHMEN]
Oh, no!
--[OTOHIME] My hand!
--Hurry, doctor!
[DOCTOR A] Your Highness!
Let me take a look!
It's fractured, I'm afraid.
[FISHMAN C] She hit him once
and broke her hand?
It's fine.
[DOCTOR A]
Huh?
Queen Otohime!
The queen?
Why would you do
something as foolish and selfish
as robbing your fellow people?
[PAPANEEL]
What do you care?
Like a rich member of the royal
family could understand!
I got ten kids waiting
at home and all they do
is cry 'cause they're hungry!
[PAPANEEL grunts]
All the more reason!
[PAPANEEL grunting]
No! Queen Otohime!
You must stop hitting him!
Please!
You're much too delicate!
You will only make
your injury worse!
I don't care! I have to do this!
Even if my hand must
shatter to pieces,
he will learn his lesson!
Do you think your
children would be happy
if they knew the truth?
If they knew their
father was a thief?
[OTOHIME] You should be
trying to live your life
in a way that makes them proud!
--[blows landing]
--[PAPANEEL grunting]
[OTOHIME]
However...
I owe you... [sniffs]
an apology.
[PAPANEEL]
Huh?
Please forgive me!
Even though I'm your queen,
I've been completely
ignorant to the hardships
that one of my subjects
has been forced to endure!
My heart can't take it.
Your worries and your pain,
they're killing me!
[crying]
You must have had
a reason for doing this.
I don't know.
It's not that I wanted to.
But I...
I felt like there
was no other way.
Somebody set fire to my store
and stole all my money.
We couldn't save anything
before it burned down.
Just like that,
I didn't have a job.
My debts started piling up.
And now my kids are starving!
I'm sorry that happened,
and I understand.
I really do, but...
It's wrong!
[FISHMEN]
Huh?!
If you do to others
what was done to you,
the cycle will never end!
[PAPANEEL]
I'm sorry!
No, I'm sorry!
We weren't there for you
in your time of need,
so that makes us
accountable as well!
[PAPANEEL] Your highness,
it's really not your fault.
But that's a terribly generous
thing for you to say!
[OTOHIME]
It's still wrong, though!
[PAPANEEL]
I know! I know!
[OTOHIME]
Then don't do it!
[PAPANEEL]
You changed me!
And my whole life!
Thank you so much!
After seeing how much
you cried for me,
I'll never steal again!
I know that you won't!
Best of luck in the future!
We're so lucky to have
a member of the royal family
who's not afraid
to share the troubles
of common people like us.
She nearly had me
crying along with her,
though I certainly hope
she doesn't break
her hand next time.
Our Queen Otohime is
a one-of-a-kind ruler,
I can tell you that much!
She has such a kind heart!
And look there!
Even the children of
the kingdom adore her!
Queen Otohime!
I'll do everything I can
to protect your smiling faces!
[FISHMEN]
Huh?!
[OTOHIME]
Your nose is running terribly!
If I don't reprimand
you for it, who will?
You look ridiculous
with mucus dribbling
out of just one side.
It's more dignified to
dribble from both nostrils.
[FISHBOY A cries]
Such a tender moment!
I guess so.
[JIMBEI] No one was more
passionate or loving.
Every day, Queen Otohime
descended from the palace
to address the nation.
That day was no different.
The time has come
for us to relocate
the Ryugu Kingdom
to the surface!
"Our skins are different colors"
and "we do not look the same."
These are the things the
humans say in order to avoid
understanding us and
our unique way of life.
But that's why we should move!
To understand each other!
Our worlds are
10,000 meters apart!
So, that is also the
distance between our ways
of thinking!
[OTOHIME]
I know you're afraid.
After all, the humans
who come to our island
are pirates and criminals.
And the humans who buy
our people from kidnappers
like them are cruel
and corrupt nobles.
It's true that our only
exposure to humans
has been negative.
But, that doesn't mean
we can judge all humans
the same!
I believe in my heart
that there are good ones
among them as well!
And thus, to improve relations,
we must move our kingdom
to be under the same sun!
It is my goal to express
our intention to relocate
above sea level at this
year's World Summit!
But in order to do that,
I need all of you to sign!
[CROWD murmuring]
While, uh...
I admit it sounds like a good
idea in theory, but...
Just the thought of living
near humans is, well...
I understand how you feel.
However, this is our chance
to make a real change
rather than
suffering in silence!
Please!
Look, I'm sorry, but no.
It's no use.
History can't be fought
so easily.
Hello, everyone! I'm home!
[laughs]
--I'm home! Shirahoshi!
--[SHIRAHOSHI crying]
[OTOHIME] Ah, I hope you
can forgive me, darling.
Mommy didn't mean to be so late.
Even with your nose
running on one side,
you're still beautiful!
We stayed with her the
entire time you were gone
so she'd feel safe, Mother!
It's true, Mother, we did!
I have such brave sons!
But what happened to your hand?
Are you okay?
Oh, don't worry, dear,
it's nothing. See?
To ensure you all
have a bright future,
I would suffer so much
worse than this.
If Queen Otohime wants
to make announcements,
she really should
do them by video
rather than going
down there in person.
[NEPTUNE] Unfortunately, thanks
to her strong Observation Haki,
doing something like
that would go against
her very nature.
She would rather win
the hearts of the citizens
in person than from the palace.
It's one of Otohime's
guiding principles.
Not even I can change that.
She's constantly putting
her life at risk
with all those human pirates
coming and going on the island!
We know you're on good terms
with Whitebeard, and to
some extent his influence
can protect her
while she's there.
But anything could happen!
[NEPTUNE] That is a fact of
which she is all too aware.
And yet, it does
nothing to deter her.
For the world Otohime
dreams of is far more
than a simple fantasy.
After all, unifying our
peoples was also the ambition
of our ancestors.
Although, they were never
able to make that vision
a reality.
What?
I'm afraid that I don't follow,
Your Majesty.
[NEPTUNE] I can't
stop Otohime from doing
what she thinks is right.
So it's up to you
to keep her safe!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Yes, sir!
[CROWD laughing, chattering]
Huh? Hey! Where ya goin',
fish girl?
[FISHWOMAN D]
Sir?
How 'bout some special service.
[FISHWOMAN D]
I'm sorry.
I don't think I know
what you mean.
Huh?
Come on, now,
don't be such a snob!
We know how you Fishmen are!
What's wrong?
You punks got something to say?
[PIRATES chuckle]
[JIMBEI]
Get out of here.
[PIRATES]
Huh?
[JIMBEI]
You're ruining my meal.
Ah... Sorry.
[NAMI] This Queen Otohime
certainly seemed unique,
if nothing else.
Sounds like she
was a crybaby too.
Did you inherit that from her?
Um... Yes. I suppose I did.
Hold on, you used to be
a soldier for the kingdom?
When you grow up
in the Fishman district
where you know
nothing but fighting,
there aren't a lot of
career-path options
available to you.
You don't say.
That's rough!
Isn't that where
you're from, Hachi?
It sounds like a pretty
bad neighborhood.
It was. Believe me.
Originally it was an
orphanage for children
with no living relatives.
But in time, the orphanage
became too much
for the administrators
to handle.
Before long,
it became a lawless area
that caught the eye
of delinquents from
all over the island.
Back then, Fisher Tiger was
the closest thing we had
to a leader, but he left
to have his own adventures.
I'd been his second in command,
but I went on to
join Neptune's army.
And despite being Fishmen,
Macro and some others started
helping the kidnappers.
As for everyone else,
they all left.
Following their own pursuits.
Until one day...
[FISHWOMAN E]
Please, give them back!
[ARLONG] Oh, you almost
had 'em that time!
Hey, knock it off!
Do you realize how hard
it was for her to get
all of those signatures?
[ARLONG] Yeah, and you
realize I don't care, right?
[laughs]
[ARLONG] These papers aren't
gonna change a damned thing,
get it?
[GUARD B]
Hey, cut it out!
You Fishman District reject!
[ARLONG]
Huh?
You think you're better
than me because of
where I'm from?
[GUARD B gags]
Let go of me!
You got it backwards, pal!
I'm the captain of
the Arlong Pirates!
And you're just a nobody!
I clean up all the human
garbage you let run wild.
Pirates so pathetic, they can't
even breathe in the water.
You guys in Neptune's Army
should be thanking us!
Maybe I should beat
a donation out of you.
Please!
I'm in trouble over here!
He's gonna kill me, Boss Jimbei!
[ARLONG]
"Jimbei"?
All right, punk.
Just put the rookie down
and walk away.
He's weak, but he's
one of my men.
And as for those
papers you've taken,
they may not mean
anything to us,
but they're quite
important to her majesty.
Give 'em back.
That's Boss Jimbei
of Neptune's army!
He'll help us!
[ARLONG laughs]
They call you "boss"?
How'd ya get that
kind of respect?
Sounds more like
the title of a gang leader
than a soldier, though.
I told you to
let him go, Arlong!
All right, fine.
[ARLONG]
Here!
So are we all good now, brother?
[FISHMAN L]
Wait. "Brother"?
[ARLONG]
It's been a while.
But I can always tell
when someone's from
the Fishman District.
Don't lump me in with you.
You went off and became
a lousy pirate.
You're scum.
[ARLONG]
Don't call me that, brother!
Then how about "trash?"
Oh, that's it!
Doesn't matter where we're from,
you can't talk to me like that!
[FISHMAN A]
Hey! Hey, everyone!
Fisher Tiger's come home!
[FISHMAN B]
I don't believe it!
Tiger's back!
[FISHMAN C]
He's here!
[FISHWOMAN A]
How was the trip?
It's Brother Tai!
Finally made it back!
Hi, Jimbei!
And Arlong!
It sure looks like you two
have been doing well!
[JIMBEI] That was quite a
lengthy voyage you took!
[TIGER]
Yeah, an eventful one, too.
Now that you're here,
you can see my ship!
[TIGER]
Later.
First I need to go to
the Ryugu Palace.
[JIMBEI]
I can show you the way.
He has no need
for a lousy pirate.
Huh?
That's not how Big Brother
feels about me at all!
[TIGER chuckles]
C'mon, guys, don't fight!
[FISHMEN laugh]
[NEPTUNE] You're telling me
you're going to free the slaves?
Surely, you can't be serious.
[TIGER]
I'm afraid I am.
I can't stand it anymore.
The thought of our people
living a nightmare.
Even as we're
speaking right now,
our people are being
treated like animals.
[NEPTUNE]
Yes, but...
[TIGER]
My mind's made up.
I just wanted to tell you
before I did anything
since it's going to
cause you a lot of trouble.
Despite that, I ask that you
keep this to yourselves.
[NEPTUNE] Tell me, why are
you so adamant about this?
What did you see on your trip?
I saw human nature.
[JIMBEI] Not long after that,
Tiger made his move.
[FISHMAN N]
This is bad!
[grunts]
[JIMBEI]
What's the problem?
Oh, good, I found you, Boss.
It's about Tiger!
It seems he... he attacked
the Celestial Dragons!
No, that can't be true!
[JIMBEI] Fisher Tiger
unleashed all-out war
on the holy land of Marie Jois.
For freeing the slaves,
he forever became a hero
to our people, and a criminal
to the World Government.
Consider this my
resignation from the army.
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Jimbei!
You would walk away
from your sworn duty?
Much to my surprise,
I've enjoyed my role as
this island's protector.
However, my obligation
to this kingdom
does not outweigh
my debt of honor.
It looks like Big Brother
Tai has finally
made his move!
All right, Arlong Pirates,
from here on,
we work for Fisher Tiger!
[ARLONG]
Let's go, men!
[ARLONG PIRATES yell]
[JIMBEI]
Before long, every ruffian
from the Fishman District
had assembled to fight
by his side.
How does it feel to be lumped in
with lousy pirate scum?
[TIGER] It's us against
the world from now on.
If you're truly ready
for the days ahead,
then step up.
[JIMBEI] All who accepted
the Sun Mark that day
became brothers.
It was a symbol that enveloped
the brand given to slaves.
No longer could anyone
distinguish which of us
had always been free,
and which of us had to fight
to reclaim that freedom.
And that's how
a bunch of lowlifes
from the Fishman
District rose up...
...as the Sun Pirates.
[NARRATOR] Fisher Tiger attacks
the holy land of Marie Jois,
freeing those enslaved
by the celestial dragons.
as his journey continues,
he encounters a human girl
with a tragic past
who he vows to
reunite with her family.
Unfortuntely, his actions
have drawn the attention
of a very deadly adversary.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Kizaru Appears!
A Trap to Catch Tiger!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!